we've been looking for probably five
minutes this is incredible
we are right on the outskirts of the
biggest city in Western Australia and I
have in my hand it's the fourth most
toxic venomous snake in the world the
tiger snake Mitch this is an absolute
beauty
cute Australian could describe a tiger
snake as cute this is a snake that needs
to be treated with an amazing amount of
respect because drop for drop its venom
is far more toxic than any of the Cobras
far more toxic than a king cobra than a
black mamba you know this has enough
venom to bring down Mitch and I and
probably the entire rest of the film
crews as well but as you can see he has
absolutely no interest in striking
whatsoever what's wonderful about this
is that tiger snakes are in the same
family as the Cobras they called in
lapid's and you can actually see when
you get close to it then it does have a
hood it'll spread its body sideways
making itself seem bigger than it
actually is and standing a good portion
of its body up off the ground as well
look at that I mean that is just a
classic Cobra shape isn't it Mitch yeah
though for me the reason that the tiger
snake is is such an amazing predator is
just that it kills its prey so quickly
you know if you're feeding on a frog the
last thing you want is to bite it and
for it to disappear off into these reeds
and roses and you never find it again
but if a tiger snake bites a frog
it's got minutes to live away you can
say here tiger snakes actually and
commonly have a reputation for actually
charging people but you can see where
that misconception comes from I mean all
this snake wants to do is go straight
back into the bush well at the moment
he's heading straight from between your
back between your legs just letting go
okay now this is the amount of
confidence that I have in this snake in
its behavior there's no way he was going
to bite me just heading off into the
grass that is absolutely fantastic now
do you know what mission the thing that
really gets me about this is the fact
that we've seen people wandering through
here walking their dogs the city's just
there there's
people's houses right there but nobody
here ever gets bitten do they in all the
time that I've been here wandering
around just like we're doing now I'll
actually have people pull over on there
pushes or on there push bikes or stop
while they're jogging in absolute
disbelief and they say what are you
doing and I say well I'm just doing
studying tiger snakes they have no idea
and the reason is is because this I mean
they're just sitting along the edge in
the vegetation and they're completely
minding their own business yeah you know
they don't that can anyone gets too
close yep they're disagree yeah and you
know what he'll pick up speed soon as he
knows he's safe he'll pick up speed and
he'll shoot into that bush like nobody's
business
look at that wonderful on excellent I
tell you what I have never seen anywhere
with so many venomous snakes this close
to so many people